README.md, before:

<!-- License

Copyright 2023 Neuromechatronics Lab, Carnegie Mellon University (a.whit)

Created by: a. whit. (nml@whit.contact)

This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public
License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this
file, You can obtain one at https://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.
-->

# ROS2 3D attractor

This package implements a [force field] that functions like an [attractor], to 
pull a robotic end effector toward some point, line, or plane in 3D space.


## License

Copyright 2023 [Neuromechatronics Lab], Carnegie Mellon University

Contributors: 
* a. whit. (nml@whit.contact)

This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public
License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this
file, You can obtain one at https://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.


<!---------------------------------------------------------------------
   References
---------------------------------------------------------------------->

[Neuromechatronics Lab]: https://www.meche.engineering.cmu.edu/faculty/neuromechatronics-lab.html

[attractor]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Attractor

[force field]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Force_field_(physics)

Commit message:

Heavy update to the documentation. Very significant, although still not totally finished.

README.md, after:

<!-- License

Copyright 2023 Neuromechatronics Lab, Carnegie Mellon University (a.whit)

Created by: a. whit. (nml@whit.contact)

This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public
License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this
file, You can obtain one at https://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.
-->

# ROS2 3D attractor

This package implements a [force field] that functions like an [attractor], to 
pull a robotic end effector toward some point, line, or plane in 3D space.

See the [system model](doc/markdown/spring_damper.md) documentation for an 
overview of the equations that define the attractor. See the 
[configuration](doc/markdown/configuration.md) documentation for information 
about configuring the parameters for the attractor. Also see the notes about 
[system stability](doc/markdown/stability.md) and relevant 
[Force Dimension examples](doc/markdown/force_dimension.md) for further 
information.

[Installation documentation](doc/markdown/installation.md) forthcoming.

## License

Copyright 2023 [Neuromechatronics Lab], Carnegie Mellon University

Contributors: 
* a. whit. (nml@whit.contact)

This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public
License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this
file, You can obtain one at https://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.


<!---------------------------------------------------------------------
   References
---------------------------------------------------------------------->

[Neuromechatronics Lab]: https://www.meche.engineering.cmu.edu/faculty/neuromechatronics-lab.html

[attractor]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Attractor

[force field]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Force_field_(physics)
